What if you could go from zero ideas to
a fully researched, planned, scripted,
filmed, edited, captioned, scheduled,
and even posted reel, all without
leaving Claude? Well, [music] you can,
and in today's episode, I'm going to
blow your mind because this is something
that I have been using recently, and it
is a game-changer. And that is not a
term that I throw around lightly. This
is truly something that will
revolutionize the way that you create
content on social media, all the way
from the initial moment of getting an
idea or getting inspired to the final
end product of actually pressing post.
And maybe best of all, everything that
I'm going to show you in today's episode
requires zero ability to code. Take it
from me, whose worst grade in all of
college was in intro to computers. And
even though there are three tools
outside of Claude that I'm going to
recommend that you use in conjunction
with Claude, you could very easily
theoretically do everything that I'm
going to teach you in today's episode
without leaving Claude a single time.
[music] And before we hop into these
five steps, if you want to see more
videos like this, hit that subscribe
button, because I base what videos I
make in the future based off what videos
get the most subscribes. Not what videos
get the most views or engagement, but
what videos get people to actually
subscribe. So, just double-check to make
sure that you are already subscribed,
and we'll get into today's episode.
Let's begin this process where all
content ideas begin, which is the idea
phase, getting inspired, coming up with
what it is that you're even going to
post about in the first place. And I
think it's important to say from the
very beginning of today's episode that
while a lot of this can be done with AI,
and AI is a really, really powerful tool
for automating and systematizing parts
of your workflow, and it can really
speed up parts of your process, there
are some things that I think you cannot
or maybe should not try to replace with
AI. And I think that your own
personality, your own preferences, your
own taste, are things that you should
not try to replace with AI. Because the
reality is, as it currently stands, AI
is just not as creative as us humans
are. And one of my favorite analogy that
I recently heard about this topic was
about smartphones prior to the iPhone
coming out. If you remember back in the
mid-2000s, before for first iPhone
launched, phones were getting smaller
and smaller and smaller. I remember I
had this one phone called a Samsung Juke
that was about the same size as a
kitchen butter knife. But then in 2008,
the iPhone came out and ever since then
it seems like phones have been getting
bigger and bigger and bigger until
recently where they've been kind of
getting a little bit smaller, but for
the most part for the last decade plus,
they've been getting bigger and bigger
and bigger. But if you could wave a
magic wand and have access to ChatGPT or
Claude back in 2007 before that first
iPhone came out and ask it to be
creative and come up with the next
phone, it would probably just come up
with another phone that was even smaller
than the Samsung Juke. I think that
humans are far more creative than AI and
they're able to see the bigger picture
and see, "Hey, phones keep getting
smaller and smaller and smaller. So what
if we flip the script and started making
them bigger and that would really grab
people's attention and revolutionize the
market?" But I digress. Enough talking
about smartphone sizes. I say all of
this to just say that it's your own
taste as you scroll through your feed
that is going to allow you to be
uniquely inspired deciding what it is
that you want to create. Of course,
sometimes ideas just strike me while I'm
in the shower or sitting at a red light
or on a walk or reading a book or
listening to a podcast, but more often
than not, the inspiration for my content
comes from what I'm seeing other content
creators make. I'm seeing a great idea
from the fitness niche and I'm thinking,
"How could I apply that to Instagram
coaching?" Or I'm seeing a snowboarding
video and I'm thinking, "That was a
great hook. How could I fit that into my
niche?" Or even I'm seeing one of my
competitors who's also in my niche
making a post and I'm thinking, "Hey,
what are my tips for that topic? How
could I teach that thing that they're
trying to teach?" And so the first thing
that I'm going to recommend you do, and
I guess this is even before step one of
getting into Claude, is I want you to
create a public saved folder on
Instagram or a public saved collection
on TikTok. And I should actually pause
right here and say it has to be public
if you want Claude to easily be able to
access it at any time. Of course, the
downside there is that anyone else on
the internet, anyone else on Instagram
or TikTok can find this saved folder. If
you make it private, then basically you
just have to make sure that Claude has
access to that, let's say, Instagram
account and is logged in and can control
your browser in order to get to that
private saved folder. But, basically
create a saved folder or a saved
collection where you will begin storing
post ideas. So, that from now on, as
you're scrolling through your feed, as
you're getting inspired, as you're
seeing posts that you want to remake or
a great format that you want to use as
inspiration, save them to this folder.
And now, let's get into step one where
we're actually going to start using
Claude. Step number one is to have
Claude co-work, collect, analyze, and
summarize the ideas that you're saving
into this post ideas folder. And in
order to do this, there are three
options. Option number one requires the
most effort on your part, but it's free.
Option number two is the most expensive,
but requires the least effort on your
part. And option number three is the one
that's probably the most technical and
might cost a little bit. It's kind of a
mixed bag. Option number one, the free
option that's a little bit more work, is
downloading each of the videos that is
in that folder. If you're on Instagram,
you could use a site like reelsvideo.io
in order to download the reel right off
of Instagram, and then you can upload
the file into Claude, and that gives
Claude the ability to analyze the
content. Option number two is to use a
tool like Poppy, which is the first
additional tool that I'm going to
recommend for you today, which does cost
money, but the benefit is that it has
the ability to analyze content for you.
So, Claude can essentially drive Poppy
or use Poppy as its tool as its eyeballs
in order to analyze content. So, yes,
that one costs money, but it doesn't
cost as much time. And then option
number three is to use a proprietary or
custom-built code that allows Claude to
basically see your content. And there's
a few of these that are floating around
on the internet. I haven't really used
any myself, and so there's none that I'm
going to recommend. The way that I
prefer to go about this is to use Poppy
AI as the eyeballs for my Claude. And
that's because I really value the time,
energy, and effort saved by allowing
Claude to run Poppy for me instead of
having to download each reel. The other
reason that I like to use Poppy AI is
that I can have Claude co-work do this
on an automated schedule. So, let's say
once a week it can go to this saved
folder on my Instagram, it can grab the
links to each of those reels that I have
saved, it can put the links to all of
those reels into Poppy, and then Poppy
can analyze them all for me, and it's
doing all this while I sleep. But, then
once you've either downloaded all of the
videos and had Claude analyze them or
had Claude put them all into Poppy AI in
order to analyze them, that brings us to
step two, which is the actual script
writing process. And of course, this is
what most people are using generative AI
for already, writing the actual scripts
for your content. But, the problem is
most people are getting cookie-cutter,
lame, boring, repetitive-sounding,
clearly AI-generated scripts because
their prompts suck. Or, if they do have
really good prompts, they are only as
good as their prompts are. And so,
they're constantly having to refine and
tweak and improve their prompts. But,
with the workflow that I'm setting up
for you right now, you don't have to do
that work yourself. You can instead let
the ideas, let the inspiration, let the
posts that other people have made
inspire and inform your prompting, if
you will. Or, I guess more accurately to
say they inspire and inform the scripts
and the outlines and the ideas that
Claude is coming up with for you. So,
the exact steps of the workflow that I
use is that once a day, Claude co-work
opens the saved folder that I have on my
Instagram. It then goes through and
collects any new links that have been
added within the last 24 hours. Then, it
pastes those links into my Poppy board
and connects all of them to a singular
unified chat. This chat is an AI chat
inside Poppy that, yes, runs on Claude
as well. And that Claude AI window
inside of Poppy is using all of those
links to inform its output. And you can
customize this prompt however you like,
but mine essentially says, "Use these
ideas to come up with scripts, outlines,
and post ideas that fit for my niche."
And then I have a really detailed
document explaining what my niche is,
who my ideal follower or customer is,
and the kinds of things that I post
about. And then the prompt simply ends
by saying, "Pay careful attention to the
style, format, pace, and visual content,
not just the words being said." Because
oftentimes AI is going to go with the
lazy route and just take the
transcription of the video and then base
your script off of their script, and you
don't want that. You want the actual
content to be analyzed. You want what's
on the screen to be analyzed. You want
the format or the style to be analyzed
because it's oftentimes those things
that make posts go viral, not just the
scripts or the words being said. But
again, all this is being done for me
while I sleep, so that when I wake up
each morning, I have an entire list of
content ideas that are specific for me
and yet inspired by the posts that
inspired me the day before. Back in
2016, when I started my first real
online business, I remember that my head
was filled with so many what-ifs. What
if no one buys this? What if I'm an
impostor? What if there's no market?
What if I can't sell? What if, what if,
what if? What if this is all just a big
waste of time and I'm just banging my
head against the wall? But what I wish
someone told me back then is just like
you can imagine all the negative
what-ifs, there are just as many, if not
more, positive what-ifs. What if this
works out? What if this is my
breakthrough? What if this is what sets
me financially free? And thanks to one
of today's sponsors, Shopify,
it's easier than ever to turn those
positive what-ifs into reality. Shopify
is the e-commerce platform behind
millions of businesses around the world,
and it now represents about 10% of the
entire e-commerce market in the US. From
some of the most famous and well-known
brands in the world, like Gymshark, to
solopreneurs, Shopify has you covered.
Shopify helps you get the word out about
your e-commerce business as if you had
an entire marketing team behind you. It
easily helps you create email and social
campaigns so that you can attract
customers wherever they're scrolling.
And if you ever get stuck, Shopify has
24/7 round-the-clock award-winning
customer support. That way, you can
tackle the important tasks from
inventory to payments to analytics all
in one place. No need to bookmark
multiple websites and sign up for
multiple tools. You can do it all in
Shopify. It makes your life easier and
it makes your business operations run
smoother. It's time to turn those what
ifs into
with Shopify today. Sign up for your $1
per month trial at shopify.com/tribe.
Go to shopify.com/tribe.
That's s h o p i f.com/t
r i b e. This brings us to step number
three, which is going to take us out of
Claude and into the real world where you
as a human being are going to read
through these scripts and these ideas
and these outlines and you're going to
use your own personality, your own
taste, and your own preferences to pick
out the ones that you like and to
reformat them, to rescript them, to
change words, to say things how you
actually would because even the best AI
prompt is not going to be perfect. Now,
if you really wanted to get advanced,
you could theoretically take your
rewritten scripts or your modified
outputs, give them back to Claude within
this poppy window, and tell it to learn
from the changes that you made. That's
only for those of you who really want to
go above and beyond and get an A+. But
also part of step three is to actually
create the content. I am not a fan of AI
clones. I am not a fan of AI robot
generated fake people who are replacing
real people. That's not my thing. I
don't like that. I'm not a fan of that.
That is a firm line that I've drawn in
the sand that I will not cross. And so,
you could, I mean, I guess like
everyone, it's up to you what you want
to do. You could theoretically create an
AI clone and have it record these or
recreate these reels for you, but that's
not what I recommend. What I would
recommend is that once you pick out the
ideas that you like, once you pick out
the scripts and the outlines that you
actually prefer, that you then go and
record them yourself. You got to do the
work of actually sitting your butt down,
hitting record on that camera, and
saying what you got to say. But then we
can go back into Claude for step number
four, the actual editing process. And
this one is so flipping cool unless you
are a short-form video editor. Because
Claude Code just killed video editors.
Now, that's definitely a sensationalized
thing to say, and there's definitely
still a market for being a video editor,
and video editors can definitely still
enhance content, and they definitely
still have unique taste and personality.
I'm not getting rid of my video editors,
but for basic content or for basic
edits, you can have it done for you
automatically using Claude Code and a
very easy-to-use plugin called Remotion
that's so easy to use, you actually
don't even have to use it. Claude Code
will use it for you. This is 100% not
sponsored in any way. All you have to do
is go to remotion.dev
and copy that code that's right there on
their homepage, and then paste that into
Claude Code, and it will ask you a few
questions and go through a few prompts
to get authorization in order to use
Remotion. But then, what you're able to
do is tell Claude Code to access any
file or files, basically the raw videos
from that reel that you just filmed, and
tell it what you want the final output
to look like. In an experiment, when I
was first setting all this up, I had my
Claude Code with Remotion edit a reel
that was very technically complex. Like
a reel that if I was going to ask a
human editor to edit, would probably
require multiple paragraphs of
explanation. And in fact, I wrote out
multiple paragraphs of explanation that
I was planning on giving to my human
editor. But again, as an experiment, I
was like, what if I gave this to Claude
Code and saw what it could do using
Remotion, and it did a pretty dang good
job. Is it perfect? No. It did make a
few mistakes, and I corrected them,
again, writing Claude code, and it fixed
them and made a pretty good final
output. Now, all I have to do is a few
minor tweaks, a few minor adjustments to
put the final polishing touches on it,
and it's ready to go. But, if you're
doing a yapping video or a more simple
talking head video or a B-roll reel or a
split screen or really any other kind of
reel that isn't some complex advanced
format, Remotion and Claude code could
definitely handle the editing for you.
And then, once the editing's done,
you're almost at the finish line. You're
almost done with this process. Step
number five is to have Claude write the
caption and schedule it for you. Now,
you could just upload the file to normal
Claude and have it write a caption for
you based off whatever prompt or
whatever instructions you give it, or
you could have Claude Co-Work write that
caption for you, and then with your
approval, or I guess theoretically
without your approval if you wanted to
give it that much control. I wouldn't
give it that much control, but
regardless, once it writes the caption
for you, it could even drive, aka
control, a scheduling tool like
Metrocool or Later or Hootsuite or
whatever scheduling tool you use, and
then schedule the post for you, paste in
the caption that it wrote, and pick a
time and date optimized based off the
instructions you give it. So, basically,
throughout this entire process, you as a
human are required for getting initially
inspired, using your taste and
preferences to decide which of these
inspired ideas you're actually going to
move forward with. Step number three, of
course, you got to film it yourself. And
then from there, the rest of the process
is really just instructions and
approvals. Giving instructions for the
edit, approving the edit, giving
instructions for the caption, approving
the caption. And a lot of this is
something that you don't have to do over
and over again because Claude can learn
from you, learn from those instructions,
and remember them for future runs of
this task. And like I said at the very
beginning, the best part of all is that
you do not have to know how to code. I
would actually argue you don't even have
to know how to set any of this up. You
can ask Claude, "How do I set this up?"
You could give it the transcript of
today's episode and tell it that this is
the program, this is the automation,
this is the workflow that you want to
build, and it could then walk you
step-by-step through either doing these
things and setting it up itself, or
having you intervene if there are a few
moments here or there where you maybe
need to intervene. In fact, me with zero
coding experience, zero software
experience, had Claude build all of this
for me and work out this entire workflow
while I was having lunch in my backyard
with my parrot Yuki. I was enjoying some
Park City summer sunshine and Claude
Co-Work was building this for me. Thank
you so much for watching today and as
always, happy networking.
>> [music]
[music]